README.md, before:

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microverse-blueviolet)

# Math Magicians Project - Components

This is the third Milestone of a website for all fans of mathematics. It is a Single Page App (SPA) that allows users to:
    -Make simple calculations.
    -Read a random math-related quote.

## Built With

- React JS (components, events, states)
- JSX
- JavaScript
- Webpack
- GitFlow
  
## Getting Started

- To get a local copy up, clone the repo like this: 

  git clone https://github.com/cmolinan/Math-Magicians.git

- Install the dependencies using `npm install` and then run the project from the root of the folder using this command `npm run start`

## Author
- Carlos Molina
  GitHub: https://github.com/cmolinan

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!
Feel free to check the issues page.
Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments 

This webpage is based on a Microverse request


## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](./MIT.md) licensed.

Commit message:

Changes for refactor with hooks

README.md, after:

n![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microverse-blueviolet)

# Math Magicians Project - Refactor with Hooks

This is the fourth Milestone of a website for all fans of mathematics. It is a Single Page App (SPA) that allows users to:
    -Make simple calculations.
    -Read a random math-related quote.

## Built With

- React JS (components, events, states and hooks)
- JSX
- JavaScript
- Webpack
- GitFlow
  
## Getting Started

- To get a local copy up, clone the repo like this: 

  git clone https://github.com/cmolinan/Math-Magicians.git

- Install the dependencies using `npm install` and then run the project from the root of the folder using this command `npm run start`

## Author
- Carlos Molina
  GitHub: https://github.com/cmolinan

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!
Feel free to check the issues page.
Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments 

This webpage is based on a Microverse request


## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](./MIT.md) licensed.
